Botan 3.1.1 Audit Report Document (#89)
sehlen-bsi/botan-docs: audit_report/3.1.0/src/01_generic_changes.rst

Changes Overview
================

Regarding post-quantum cryptography, the most important changes since the last
audit are the addition of CRYSTALS Dilithium and the SPHINCS+ signature

> algorithms. The crypto documentation [TODO: Ref Cryptodoc] describes Botan's

Reviewer: TODO

implementation of these algorithms. Dilithium is added within the modules
`dilithium` and `dilithium_aes` for the modern and AES variant, respectively.
For SPHINCS+ the modules `sphincsplus_sha2` and `sphincsplus_shake` are added

> for the respective hash instantiation. Both algorithms depend on the SHA-3 XOF;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the respective hash instantiatiosn. Both algorithms depend on SHAKE;
```
